But the incredible thing about you. I, I just, uh, recently talked, uh,
spent a couple days with Jimmy Pedro, and, uh,
he talked about his guys and just champions in general,
hating to lose more than they love winning mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And the way you talked about losing, you lost very few times a in your career,
like later, you, you were dominating both the arresting and MMA,
but the way you took these losses against people that are, I don't know,
below elite level.
It's fair. <laugh> I was gonna get pissy, but, but I's completely fair.
I thought he was a bump too. No, that's not.
What I meant.
It's okay. No, it's good. No.
No, no. Um, no, no, but like what can you explain the psychology behind that?
Like the, what is there, um, a system behind this?
Is there philosophy behind.
This? Well, I, I wasn't very good in the beginning and I think,
I think that's where all starts from,
so I didn't start getting good until the age of like 13. I started at five.
I probably started competing more at age 10, 11.
Didn't really get good until 13 and still at 13 I'm I'm it's not great.
I'm getting better.
Right? Mm-hmm <affirmative> I'm pretty good. Um, so I actually, I have actually,
I have running this book on sports psych, but this it's I got, well,
I got someone write it for me kind of thing. Uh,
cause I've had this philosophy for years that there's,
there has to be this balance between two things. Right? So on the one hand, in,
in this category,
on the one hand you have hate and to lose a great champion has to hate to lose,
like you said, right?
Yeah. But on this other hand, you have to have someone who seeks out challenges.
Right. Cuz if you don't have that,
you're never gonna reach your full potential either. Mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And so you have to balance these two balls at the same time. Right?
And so like for me, I always, and, and this is maybe, cause I wasn't good,
but I was always like, let me go find the best people to wrestle all the time.
Let me go find like, I would like literally, uh, like seventh,
eighth grade when I was starting to get better, it was like,
and this there's an internet. Well, there was no one was using the internet.
It was like a wrestling magazine and like, Hey dad, there's a tournament here.
I, I think that are the kids gonna be there?
Can you take me two hours across the state today? Please? Mm-hmm.
<Affirmative> you would wrestle like in competition against.
Them? Not in competition. Yeah. Yeah. In competition. Hey,
I heard there's this tournament. Here's the magazine. There's this tournament.
Hey dad, will you take me over there.
Tomorrow? You, you weren't trying to win. You were trying to get the.
Experience. I was trying to wrestle the best guys. Maybe I win.
Maybe I lose there's no. When you used to do a competition,
there's no guarantee of a winner, a loss. You're just doing competition. Right?
So I, I wanted to go,
I wanted to challenge myself against the best guys mm-hmm <affirmative> of which
I thought maybe I could come out on top. Right? So like eighth grade year,
I won way. You know, I probably lost a handful of time.
Times in the state of w was state, Wisconsin was probably really,
really minimal. The amount of times I lost, you know,
was just about getting the challenge. And it's like some,
some kids and not kids in my club. Cause I'll, I'll push. 'em very hard on,
this are scared of challenging themselves.
They like being the big fish in this small pond. They're not willing to go say,
I'm gonna,
I wanna go get that guy and I wanna get that guy and I wanna get that guy.
And so that's like, so I think that's part of it for me is like,
I always just love the challenge. I enjoy competing thoroughly. Right.
And I understood from a young age because it wasn't a good losings,
a part of it. You're not always gonna win.